Enhance docs by adding contributing and code-of-conduct files (#372)
shipwright-io/build: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing Guidelines

Welcome to Shipwright Build. We are excited about the prospect of you contributing to our project. Your support is more than welcome!

## Getting Started

We have initial documentation on how to start contributing here:

- Learn how to [change shipwright and try out your changes on a local cluster](/docs/development/local_development.md)
- Our main [documentation](/docs/)
- Our [Code of Conduct](/code-of-conduct.md)

## Creating new Issues

We recommend to open an issue for the following scenarios:

- Asking for help or questions. (_Use the **discussion** or **help_wanted** label_)
- Reporting a Bug. (_Use the **bug** label_)
- Requesting a new Feature. (_Use the **enhancement** label_)

> _Note_: Do not hesitate to contact us inmediately in our [Slack channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C019ZRGUEJC).

Reviewer: I think we can make the tone a little less urgent (also fixes spelling):
```suggestion
The Shipwright maintainers can also be reached in our [Kubernetes Slack channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C019ZRGUEJC).
```

Author: done

## Writing Pull Requests

> For making `noice` in the repository and creating new contributions, here are some recommendations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributions can be submitted by creating a pull request on Github. We recommend you do the following to ensure the maintainers can collaborate on your contribution:
```

Author: done

> - Fork the project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fork the project into your personal Github repository
```

Reviewer 2: Would not it be rather

Fork the project into your personal GitHub **account**

?

Reviewer: correct - *account* is probably better phrasing.

Author: done

- Create a new feature branch for your contribution
- Make your changes

> - Ensure tests are passing

Reviewer: Running e2e tests is a high bar for a new contributor. Ensuring unit tests pass is IMO the spirit of this recommendation, and something that should be doable on any developer's machine.

```suggestion
- Ensure unit tests are passing by running `make test-unit`
```

Reviewer 2: I am not necessarily agreeing to you assessment @adambkaplan, if I make code changes, I will want to test them. So, I am likely successful in doing `make local`. From there, it is only a small step to run the unit tests because one definitely has a k8s cluster.

Another suggestion @qu1queee: we do not only look for coders. Writers are also welcome. So, I would phrase it like *If you make code changes, ensure tests are passing"

Reviewer: +1 @SaschaSchwarze0 - and I forgot that this section is "recommended" actions. Perhaps we link to the `HACK.md` document which has instructions on running the test suites.

Author: done

- Open a PR with a nice description and a link to the Github issue where the changes were previously discussed.

## Code review process

There is an integration on our Github repository that automatically do things for us. Once a PR is open the tool will assign two members of the project for the code review.

The code review should cover:

> - Ensure all related tests(_unit, integration and e2e_) are passing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure all related tests (unit, integration and e2e) are passing.
```

Author: done

- Ensure the code style is compliant with the [coding conventions](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/guide/coding-conventions.md)
- Ensure the code is properly documented, e.g. enough comments where needed.

> - Ensure the code is adding the necessary test cases(_unit, integration or e2e_) if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure the code is adding the necessary test cases (unit, integration or e2e) if needed.
```

Author: done

## Community Meetings Participation

> We run the community meetings on Monday´s at 13:00 UTC time. For each upcoming meeting we generate a new issue where we layout the topics to discuss. See our [previous meetings](https://github.com/shipwright-io/build/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3Acommunity+is%3Aclosed) outcomes. For joining us, please request an invite in our Slack channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We run the community meetings every Monday at 13:00 UTC time.
For each upcoming meeting we generate a new issue where we layout the topics to discuss.
See our [previous meetings](https://github.com/shipwright-io/build/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3Acommunity+is%3Aclosed) outcomes.
To join, please request an invite in our Slack channel.
```

Reviewer 3: With regards to "To join, please request an invite in our Slack channel": It could be just me, but based solely on this sentence, I would not know how to request an invite to what slack channel? Maybe another link to the channel would be nice here.

Author: done

- Open a PR with a nice description and a link to the Github issue where the changes were previously discussed.

## Code review process

There is an integration on our Github repository that automatically do things for us. Once a PR is open the tool will assign two members of the project for the code review.

The code review should cover:

- Ensure all related tests(unit, integration and e2e) are passing.
- Ensure the code style is compliant with the [coding conventions](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/guide/coding-conventions.md)
- Ensure the code is properly documented, e.g. enough comments where needed.
- Ensure the code is adding the necessary test cases(unit, integration or e2e) if needed.

## Community Meetings Participation

We run the community meetings every Monday at 13:00 UTC time.
For each upcoming meeting we generate a new issue where we layout the topics to discuss.
See our [previous meetings](https://github.com/shipwright-io/build/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3Acommunity+is%3Aclosed) outcomes.
To join, please request an invite in our Slack [channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C019ZRGUEJC).

## Contact Information

> - [Slack channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C019ZRGUEJC)

Reviewer 4: The slack channel is introduced in three places in this doc, I think we can reduce to 1 or 2 places
